README.md, before:

# Model Editing
This repository contains a unified framework to run model editing datasets alongside with [LM Evaluation Harness](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness) control tasks on various model editors. It is designed to be easily extendable with support for additional models, model editors, and evaluation datasets.

## Installation
Install the `model_editing` package with `pip install -e .` together with the dependencies in `requirements.txt` or use use the code directly.

## Usage
The scripts `example_evaluation.sh` and `example_analysis.sh` give examples of how to evaluate a model on a given set of editors, model editing datasets and control tasks. And how to get a basic overview over the evaluation results. The EvalResult class from `model_editing/analysis.py` can be used to load pandas dataframes of the evaluation results for a more fine-grained analysis using the methods *load_editing_data*, *aggregate_editing_data* and *load_aggregated_control_data* respectively.

## Extensions
This benchmark can be extended in several ways:

- **Adding a new model**  
  Simply add a new case to *load_model* in `model_editing/models.py`. Note, however, that some editors such as *MEMIT* require specific hyperparmaters for each model. In the case of *MEMIT* these can be found in `model_editing/modeleditor/rome_style/hparams/MEMIT/`.

- **Adding an additional model editing dataset**  
  Support for additional datasets can be added to `model_editing/editing_tasks/datasets/`. Follow the example of existing datasets in parsing the new datset, extracting a list of examples consisting of edit facts and test cases containung (multiple) queries.

- **Adding a new model editor**  
  Model editors are implemented in `model_editing/modeleditor/`. Each editor must implement the methods *edit_model* and *restore_model* to inject a list of edits and to undo any edits respectively. For editors that update model parameters these methods suffice. The evaluation is automatically run on the updated model. Editors that inject statements into the prompts put to the model, such as *in-context* and *context-retriever*, must additionaly implement the methods used to prepare these prompts. See `model_editing/modeleditor/util.py` or one of those editors for more details.

Commit message:

added reference to data repository

README.md, after:

# Model Editing
This repository contains a unified framework to run model editing datasets alongside with [LM Evaluation Harness](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness) control tasks on various model editors. It is designed to be easily extendable with support for additional models, model editors, and evaluation datasets.

The datasets used in this benchmark can be found in the [data](https://github.com/oneSebastian/model-editing-data) repository.

## Installation
Install the `model_editing` package with `pip install -e .` together with the dependencies in `requirements.txt` or use use the code directly.

## Usage
The scripts `example_evaluation.sh` and `example_analysis.sh` give examples of how to evaluate a model on a given set of editors, model editing datasets and control tasks. And how to get a basic overview over the evaluation results. The EvalResult class from `model_editing/analysis.py` can be used to load pandas dataframes of the evaluation results for a more fine-grained analysis using the methods *load_editing_data*, *aggregate_editing_data* and *load_aggregated_control_data* respectively.

## Extensions
This benchmark can be extended in several ways:

- **Adding a new model**  
  Simply add a new case to *load_model* in `model_editing/models.py`. Note, however, that some editors such as *MEMIT* require specific hyperparmaters for each model. In the case of *MEMIT* these can be found in `model_editing/modeleditor/rome_style/hparams/MEMIT/`.

- **Adding an additional model editing dataset**  
  Support for additional datasets can be added to `model_editing/editing_tasks/datasets/`. Follow the example of existing datasets in parsing the new datset, extracting a list of examples consisting of edit facts and test cases containung (multiple) queries.

- **Adding a new model editor**  
  Model editors are implemented in `model_editing/modeleditor/`. Each editor must implement the methods *edit_model* and *restore_model* to inject a list of edits and to undo any edits respectively. For editors that update model parameters these methods suffice. The evaluation is automatically run on the updated model. Editors that inject statements into the prompts put to the model, such as *in-context* and *context-retriever*, must additionaly implement the methods used to prepare these prompts. See `model_editing/modeleditor/util.py` or one of those editors for more details.
